I debated whether or not to include this side note here,
it's, I don't wanna be too repetitive,
but I'm gonna get on my knees here for now, okay,
all right, hold on, bear with me, okay,
I really want to prove, prove a point.
Please, here's my hands, please, please, please,
I'll move closer so you can hear me,
please, please, please, please
have your company that you work for,
or your bank where you have your investments, automatically,
have them automatically deduct money
from every paycheck you have
and have them place it into investments automatically,
so it's out of sight and out of mind, okay,
kind of like I am right down,
right now down on my knees out of my mind.
All right, here, I had to prove a point there.
All right I'm gonna get up now, here I am,
I don't mind making a fool of myself
as long as I humbly help you manage your investment better,
okay, god my knees hurt now, okay, okay,
separately if you have, if you can't save any money yet,
don't worry about it okay, just promise yourself
that the second you get your next raise
the first thing you'll do is set up your bank account
to automatically withdraw so you can invest
every single penny counts, okay.
In addition I recommend having
the company you work at if applicable
deduct the tax you'll be paying
on your earnings from every single paycheck, okay,
and I wanna do this so that you
don't overspend during the year,
when it comes time to taxes you don't where
to get the money from to pay for taxes, etc, okay.
So if this is not all possible for you to do,
or if you are self employed,
then just put the amount of tax you think
you will be paying into another bank account,
so that you don't spend, thanks.